Hurry up hurry up
Take all the valuables away
Master, what's wrong with you?
We're going bankrupt every time we fight
Lu Shuai said he was going to kill us all
Master, what nonsense are you talking about?
Isn't our government doing well?
How can you go bankrupt?
Not broke, right?
And don't you think I'm alive?
Your Majesty, shall we not be deceived by Chou Zhen again?
Deceived again, that's right
Think about it, if Lord Long Shuai really wants to kill you
I'm just like the palm of my hand.
Why wait until now?
But their oops
We are now
Isn't it just to determine Chu Chen's identity?
And that's not easy.
Chu Chen's cousin works at Feng's Group
Let's go get it and we'll know
Yes, they are relatives
It must be the root of Chu Chen
I see how you pretend this time
Su Xue, I finally came back today.
You and my mother
Let's have a nice meal and get together
Okay, brother Fuqiang, then you go and prepare first.
Subordinates need to report
I just got the news.
Although our family is a second-rate family
But users in overseas cities want to take the back seat
That requires more strength
It was for Suxue's sake
I didn't want to kill them all
In that case
Then let them linger in their mouths for a few days
Oh yeah, one more thing.
Although Wang Shuai went to the king of gods and made a speech
But the west still looks down on me like an elephant
You spread the word.
Just say that this coach has set off for the border city to be stationed
So they wouldn't buy food. I did.
Sir, face me, it's fine now.
just right
Who did I think it was? Isn't this Chu Chen?
It's the second sister's house
This is your second aunt and your cousin
It's all a family, hurry up and sit down and eat
No, then it's embarrassing that your family has money to eat
Second aunt, how can you talk like that?
What's wrong with our house?
People don't steal or rob
What's wrong with making money with your own hands?
Maybe you bitch shut up for me
I heard people say you got along with my brother-in-law
Don't listen
Are you the one who asked your sister to deal with it now?
Let this wimp lock it up.
Let's talk about forcing a lack of men
You don't find one you have nothing
Are you a wimp?
Look at my son
At a young age, this Feng family company rented it
That's the future.
The landlord sister is a small family with a single wooden door